翻译预制资源 (#1793)
cocos-creator/creator-docs: en/asset-workflow/prefab.md

# Prefab

Prefabs are pre-configured game objects that can be used as templates when we dynamically generate nodes.

## Creating Prefab

> After editing the node in the scene, drag the node directly from the **Node Tree** to the **Assets** panel at:

Reviewer: 为啥最后要加一个 at？

> After editing the node in the scene, drag the node directly from the **Node Tree** to the **Assets** panel at:

Author: ```suggestion
After editing the node in the scene, drag the node directly from the **Node Tree** to the **Assets** panel:
```

![prefab](prefab/create.png)

to create a **prefab**:

![prefab](prefab/created.png)

## Editing Prefab

Double-clicking on a prefab in the **Assets** panel switches the scene editing mode of the **Scene** panel to prefab editing mode.

After editing, click the **Save** button on the top of the **Scene** panel to save the edited prefabs, and then click the **Close** button to exit prefab editing mode and return to scene editing mode.

## Using Prefab

Drag and drop a prefab from the **Assets** panel to the **Node Tree** or the **Scene** panel to generate a **Prefab Instance** in the scene. The Prefab Instance node is shown in blue in the **Node Tree**.

> If you modify each property of a prefab instance in the scene and then save the scene, the modified data will be stored in that prefab instance and will not affect the prefabs in the **Assets** panel or the data of other prefab instances generated using prefabs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If any property of a prefab instance in the scene is modified and then the scene is saved, the modified data will be stored in that prefab instance and will not affect the prefabs in the **Assets** panel or the data of other prefab instances generated using prefabs.
```

## Prefab Instances

> When the prefab instance node is selected in the **Node Tree**/**Scene** panel, several actionable buttons appear at the top of the **Properties** panel panel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the prefab instance node is selected in the **Node Tree**/**Scene** panel, several actionable buttons appear at the top of the **Properties** panel.
```

![edit in scene](prefab/edit-in-scene.png)

- **Select**: click this button to yellow highlight the prefab for this prefab instance in the **Assets** panel.

> - **Return**: if the prefab instance is modified, click the **Return** button to restore the prefab instance to the initial state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Go back**: if the prefab instance is modified, click the **Return** button to restore the prefab instance to the initial state.
```

Reviewer 2: either is fine.

Reviewer: The editor is written with **Go back**. The document needs to be consistent with the editor.

> - **Return**: if the prefab instance is modified, click the **Return** button to restore the prefab instance to the initial state.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Go Back**: if the prefab instance is modified, click the **Return** button to restore the prefab instance to the initial state.
```

  > **Note**: the rollback operation is not valid for the modification of **Node Activation Status**, **Node Name**, `Position` and `Rotation`.

- **Save**: after modifying a prefab instance in the scene, click **Save** directly in the **Properties** panel to synchronize the changes to the prefab that generated the prefab instance.

### Automatic and Manual Synchronization

> When the original prefab corresponding to a prefab instance is modified, you can choose whether to synchronize the prefab automatically or manually for each prefab instance in the scene. With the prefab instance selected, click ![prefab syn](prefab/prefab-sync.png) button to toggle manual/auto sync, the default is manual sync.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the original prefab corresponding to a prefab instance is modified, choose whether to synchronize the prefab automatically or manually for each prefab instance in the scene. With the prefab instance selected, click ![prefab syn](prefab/prefab-sync.png) button to toggle manual/auto sync, the default is manual sync.
```

## Prefab Options

When selecting any prefab in the **Assets** panel, set its **Optimization Policy**, **Async Load Assets** and **Readonly** in the **Properties** panel, and click the **Apply** button on the top right after setting to take effect.

### Setting Optimization Policy

The optimization policy optimizes the instantiation time of the selected prefab, i.e. the time required to execute `cc.instantiate`. Possible settings include **Auto Adjust** (default), **For Single Instance Creation**, and **For Multiple Instance Creation**.

- If set to **Auto Adjust**, the engine will automatically adjust the optimization policy based on the number of creations. When creating a prefab instance for the first time, the policy is equivalent to **For Single Instance Creation**, and will automatically switch to **For Multiple Instance Creation** after multiple creations.

- If this prefab requires repeated execution of `cc.instantiate`, please select **For Multiple Instance Creation**, otherwise just keep the default **Auto Adjust**.

> ### Setting delayed asset loading

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Async Load Assets
```

> This item is disabled by default. If this item is enabled, it will delay the loading of other assets that the prefab depends on, improving the loading speed of some page-based games. For details, please refer to the [Enable Async Load Assets](scene-managing.md#enable-async-load-assets) documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option is disabled by default. If this option is enabled, it will delay the loading of other assets that the prefab depends on, improving the loading speed of some page-based games. For details, please refer to the [Enable Async Load Assets](scene-managing.md#enable-async-load-assets) documentation.
```
